we are now inside one of the central
Mills in Northern Gaza hundreds of
thousands of Citizen use this SM to
grind futter barley and corn the mill
has stopped working because all types of
grain have run out of markets in North
Gaza and the mill has run out of fuel as
well which has added to the suffering of
these
people there is no wheat the price of
one bag of wheat today has reached more
than 3,000 shekels or more than $1,000 a
bag of barley is becoming very difficult
to find a bag of corn cost more than 700
shekels the diesel also does not exist
at all and its price is more than 600
shekels if it exists this means that if
you find the grains you will not find
diesel I swear to God that I have
searched everywhere in the markets and I
didn't find anything to grind we adults
can be patient and one or two dates will
be enough for us but what about children
they're hungry and we have nothing to
offer them money has no value today it
can't help you find
grain as of 6:00 in the morning I've
been searching for food for the children
without success we only hear about
humanitarian aid but we haven't received
anything the war has not killed us yet
but it seems that we will die of hunger
we can't find food this is my injured
brother there is no Transportation
available to take him to where he needs
to be treated there are no roads there
is no fuel there is no flow 1 kilo of
flour reached 75 shekels 1 kilo of rice
used to cost two shekels but today it
costs 35 we don't have money so what can
we do we need to feed our
children this is the situation here in
North Gaza The Siege is tightening on
the people due to Israel's refusal to
allow humanitarian Aid hunger here is
very cruel to citizens who struggle to
find the bare minimum to keep them alive
the citizens here suffer a lot for days
they cannot get a single meal due to the
ridiculous prices and scarcity of
materials that should be available
[Music]
here make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer